return is like a break in loops .return will stop execution of function and value passed with return
act as output of function .it does not print output it only return it as output   

global variable vs local variable:-

memory allocation of local variable will be in function block whereas memory allocation of 
global variable will be in value space .
Global variables are declared outside of all functions and are accessible throughout the entire program
local variables are declared inside a specific function or block and can only be accessed within that limited scope

in nested function the nested function is inner scope and outer function is outer scope

global keyword is used to apply changes to global variable in loc al scope
nonlocal keyword is used to change the outer scope variable in inner scope

packing and unpacking :

packing :
phenomenon of groping variable together
interpreter will only pack tuple and dictionary.
manually we can pack in any multivalued but interpreter will pack in only tuple and dictionary.
suppose we want to pass value of tuple in function call but interpreter wont understand it is a tuple
so for this we use packing concept
allows us to handle variable-length arguments efficiently. 
This feature is useful when we don’t know beforehand how many arguments will be passed to a function. 

2 types:
-> single or tuple packing 
    The * operator allows us to pass multiple arguments to a function and pack them into a tuple.
    The function takes any number of arguments.
    The *argument packs all arguments into a tuple.
-> double otr dictionary packing 
    ** operator is used to collect multiple keyword arguments into a dictionary.
    **kwargs collects keyword arguments as a dictionary.
    Each key-value pair is stored in kwargs
    kwargs=keyword argument
    in this we can not pass only number as key because the key created here will be variable
    and follow the 6 rules of identifier initialisation

unpacking:

Unpacking allows values from an iterable (list, tuple, or dictionary) to be passed as separate arguments to a function.

1. Unpacking a List/Tuple with *:
We use * to unpack elements from a list/tuple.
* is used with variable during function call

2. Unpacking a Dictionary with **
We use ** to unpack key-value pairs from a dictionary.
** is used with var during function call






